DD 4.15: Dev Velocity and POS content updates (#16176)
docker/docs: desktop/settings/linux.md

- **Show Docker Extensions system containers**

For more information about Docker extensions, see [Extensions](../extensions/index.md).

> ## Feature control 

Reviewer: Sorry, I probably missed this in the latest designs, I'd like to keep this 'Features in Development' for this first release since that was the framing we user tested. I know it's very different but when we user tested "Admin controls" naming people had a lot of negative associations with "controls" and when we add in the GA portion i'd like to user test before hand cc @gercekarmagan @lizzthabet can we update that on the feature as well?

On the **Feature control** tab you can control your settings for **Beta features** and **Experimental features**.

You can also sign up to the [Developer Preview program](https://www.docker.com/community/get-involved/developer-preview/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"} from the **Features in development** tab.

### Beta features

{% include beta.md %}

#### Enable containerd

> Turns on the experimental containerd image store. This brings new features like namespaces and faster container startup performance by lazy-pulling images.

Reviewer 2: iirc we don't support namespaced API yet (cc @rumpl) but we could add a note about Wasm here instead? e.g.

```suggestion
Turns on the experimental containerd image store. This brings new features like faster container startup performance by lazy-pulling images, and the ability to run Wasm applications with Docker.
```

Reviewer 2: cc @sam-thibault
